feat: Add config to allow surpressing notification on launch (flag cache load) (#2534)
thomaspoignant/go-feature-flag: website/docs/go_module/configuration.md

| `StartWithRetrieverError`         | *(optional)* If **true**, the SDK will start even if we did not get any flags from the retriever. It will serve only default values until the retriever returns the flags.<br/>The init method will not return any error if the flag file is unreachable.<br/>Default: **false**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `DisableNotifierOnInit`       | *(optional)* If **true**, the SDK will not send a notification when the flags are loaded during initialization. This is useful if you do not want a Slack/Webhook notification saying that the flags have been added every time you start the application.<br/>Default: **false**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DisableNotifierOnInit`       | *(optional)* If **true**, the SDK will not call any notifier when the flags are loaded during initialization. This is useful if you do not want a Slack/Webhook notification saying that the flags have been added every time you start the application.<br/>Default: **false**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```
